[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Receiving a distress call,
the crew lands on Punk Hazard,
an island split into two
sections with extremely
different climates:
the Burning Lands
and the Ice Lands.
You're done! Bon voyage!
[yells]
You and I both know bullcrap.
Now I wanna see
what's inside that lab.
[LAW]
I don't see anybody else around.
And if Straw Hat does show up,
I'll behead him for ya.
If there's nothing else,
get lost.
[gasps]
[CHILDREN yelling]
We're free now!
[ALL]
One, two, three!
Super!
It's the Straw Hats
and children?
We're out of the building!
We're gonna be okay!
[SANJI gasps]
Why's he here?
Smoker! I'd recognize
that ugly mug anywhere!
And Tashigi! Lookin' good!
Wait a sec!
The Navy's here too?
Change of plan, kids,
we can't get out this way!
Look for another exit!
[CHILDREN shouts]
What would bring the Navy
to a place like this?
Beats me! Let's just go!
There should be a back door!
Try to find it! Go on, hurry!
[TASHIGI gasps]
Marines!
Track down the
Straw Hat Pirates!
[LAW]
Room.
And, Takt!
[MARINES gasp]
Oh no!
[MARINES shouting]
[LUFFY]
"In a Real Pinch!
Luffy Sinks into
the Ice-Cold Lake!"
Heh! Now fire!
[USOPP screams]
Aim right for the
bottom of their vessel!
Come on, let's turn back!
Like I would ever
do that, Usopp!
[USOPP warbles]
Go forward!
Oh, I'm sorry, did you not
notice the nonstop gunfire?
[LUFFY gasps]
I told you, we're this close
to sinking to a watery death!
[laughs] You'll never escape
the wrath of Brownbeard,
you fools!
Huh? The wrath of who, now?
[growls]
[BROWNBEARD]
Don't play dumb with me!
I'm the former pirate
with a bounty
of over 80 million berries!
Ah! The mighty Brownbeard!
Did you hear that? Brownbeard!
B-R-O-W-N-B-E-A-R-D!
Make no mistake, boy!
[pants]
[ZORO yawns]
I've never heard of ya!
[BROWNBEARD] Huh? Do I really
make that weak of an impression?
[CENTAUR A gasps]
[grunts]
Fair enough! But you
won't forget this!
[USOPP, LUFFY yell]
No way! He got us!
We're falling!
[grunts]
[gasps]
This is bad!
Ha! That oughta teach ya!
Real nice shot there, Boss!
[CENTAUR B]
They're dead meat now!
[laughs]
It serves you right!
Struggling won't help you.
Soon you'll all freeze
and sink like rocks!
[USOPP shouts]
So cold! It's over.
We're gonna be the snowcones!
[ROBIN gasps]
[ZORO pants]
This blows.
Man, I'm really tired now.
[USOPP]
This is all your fault, Luffy!
We coulda gotten away!
But no, you just had to
keep on pushing his buttons,
didn't you?
[USOPP] Oh, doh!
I cad eeben tahk dow.
I'm sorry. Oh well. I guess they
won't join the crew after all.
Now! Finish them off!
[ZORO gasps]
[BROWNBEARD]
Prepare to fire!
Now here's what we'll do.
[USOPP gasps]
You stay and keep
them from drowning.
I'll get slicing. Be right back.
B-B-Bake it quick.
I duddo how log I--
[ZORO]
It'll just take a sec--
[ZORO gasps]
Zoro! Are you okay?
[gasps]
[USOPP yells]
Hey! Why are there
sharks in a lake?
[laughs]
It's simple! That's not
a lake, it's a sea!
The battle between Akainu
and Aokiji was so explosive,
it left a massive crater.
Water from the sea poured in
through cracks in the island
and made what you see here.
It brought plenty of
sea life along with it!
[BROWNBEARD laughs]
[USOPP gasps]
No! Don't get eaten, Zoro!
Also, hurry! I'm cold!
Aim and fire! There's nowhere
they can go, now!
Hate to say it, but he's right!
Send them straight to hell!
After all the crazy crap
I've lived through,
this is the thing
that's gonna kill me?
[chuckles]
[groans]
Now meet your maker!
[yelps]
[BROWNBEARD]
Fire!
[CENTAURS groan]
Huh?
[groaning continues]
My soldiers! What just
happened to them?
[gasps]
I think I know!
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
[BROOK] Colder than a blizzard.
The wind from the underworld.
[BROOK]
Cuts like an icy blade.
[growls]
Damn you! What is this?
[BROOK laughs]
[BROOK] By the way, I just
froze your gun barrels.
So I would advise
against shooting.
Unless you want them
to explode, that is.
Who the hell are you?
And why the skeleton disguise?
[BROOK]
My name is of no consequence.
It's Brook.
Make up your mind.
I died once and
became a skeleton.
And now that I live again...
...my second life is devoted
to the Straw Hat Crew!
You can call me the Soul King!
[CENTAUR H grunts] I don't know
how you froze our guns,
but... you'll pay!
[BROOK] Pay? And how do
you plan to make me?
[CENTAURS grunting]
[CENTAUR I]
Bastard!
[CENTAUR J]
That's it!
I've lost enough
friends in my time!
So, I say...
...snow way!
[CENTAURS shout]
What the hell?
He's so fast, it's scary!
[grunts] So there was
one more, was there?
Well, what difference
does it make now?
I'm sure the others have already
been devoured by the sharks!
See? You were too late!
H-Huh?!
They beat up the sharks?
What? Where did those
wretched pirates go?
[LUFFY pants]
Right here!
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
[ROBIN] This is a
pleasant surprise, Brook.
[laughs]
It's so good to see you all!
Who knew running from
that terrifying ghost
would lead me directly
to where you were?
[ZORO]
Centaurs, dragons, sharks.
I don't care what this
island throws at us.
You shoulda run while
you had the chance,
'cause you sure as
hell can't stop us!
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?!
[ZORO shivers]
But this damn weather.
That's another thing.
I can't cut that with my sword.
[LUFFY] It's freezing!
I can barely walk!
I told you guys,
don't you remember?
"We can't just go to the cold
side like this," I said, but no!
Hey, look over there.
If you ask me, we got lucky.
[shivers]
[ROBIN] Running into
them was the best thing
that could have happened.
They're close! Let's open fire!
[BROWNBEARD] Huh? Hold on.
I think I've seen them before.
[CENTAURS]
Huh?
[ZORO]
Good thinking, Robin.
I call the fourth guy
from the right.
Yeah, nice one. I'll take
the guy next to him.
All right now, let me see.
The girl on the far
left will do nicely.
Huh? I'm confused.
[ZORO laughs]
[ROBIN laughs]
[LUFFY laughs]
[CENTAURS]
Huh?
[ALL]
Those coats look nice and warm!
[USOPP] All right, good idea,
but please get me one too!
[CENTAUR L gasps]
Uh-oh.
They're not gonna take
our clothes, are they?
[CENTAURS] No way!
Then we'll freeze to death!
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
I remember now. That straw hat!
[CENTAURS chattering]
[BROWNBEARD gasps]
[BROWNBEARD]
Yes, from two years ago!
That kid from the
Worst Generation!
[CENTAURS gasp]
There's no doubt!
That's Fire Fist's brother!
[CENTAURS gasp]
The pirate, Straw Hat Luffy.
With a 400 million bounty!
[laughs]
[CENTAURS]
What? He's gonna kill us all!
[CENTAURS yell]
Mil Fleurs, go!
[CENTAURS]
Huh?
Huh? What in the
world's happening?
[gasps, yells]
[CENTAURS shouting]
[LUFFY] Gimme your clothes,
animal people!
[CENTAURS yell]
[ZORO] You freaks aren't gonna
make this difficult, are you?
I'd rather not have to
hurt you too badly.
[CENTAURS shout]
[BROOK]
Would you look at that?
I suppose you didn't need my
help as much as I thought.
[gasps]
[BROWNBEARD]
Please don't hurt me!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE A] I told you, sir,
that guy's bad news!
We should've just retreated!
[MARINE B]
What are we gonna do now?
Tsk!
[grunts]
[LAW]
Hmph!
[CHOPPER] Come on, kids,
let's karate chop our way out!
Wa-ta!
[SANJI]
Where's that back door?
--[KIN'EMON] Halt your retreat!
--[SANJI] Huh?
We mustn't go! That fellow
back there was the one
who cut my body into three!
No way, seriously?
So, do you think he might
still have the rest of you?
On hand? I highly
doubt he would!
Okay, then it can wait!
[KIN'EMON]
Take me back!
Perhaps I can obtain
some information!
[SANJI] The only relevant
information right now
is that we need to
run the hell away!
[grunts]
[NAMI] I'm not seeing
that exit anywhere!
Any ideas, you guys?
[FRANKY] Yeah! Just leave
everything to super Franky here!
[FRANKY laughs]
[CHOPPER] Oh, do you have some
kinda super-cool sensor thing?
Oh no, I got nothin'.
[CHOPPER, SANJI] Then why are
we following you, huh?
That was the samurai.
[CHOPPER]
Hurry, hurry!
[LAW] And the Straw Hats.
I'm not letting them get away.
Room!
[ALL gasp]
Hey, did you guys just see that?
The air's all murky.
[ALL gasp]
All right, Shambles!
[ALL gasping with
different voices]
[SANJI (NAMI)] Whoa, I just
felt something weird.
Agh, no time to think
about it right now!
Keep moving, rugrats!
The exit can't be far!
What the...? Where the
hell'd my cigarette go?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] Wa-ta!
Ha, ha! I feel like kicking!
Where'd this come from?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Hey. This is serious, Sanji.
Quit playing!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] We're super
close to bustin' our way
outta here, I can feel it!
Good thing I got these
turbo-powered tank treads to--
[gasps]
Crap.
Uhm, guys?
You're acting really weird.
What happened? Are you sick?
Huh? Actually.
Why does my chest
feel so breezy?
[shouts]
I'm manly!
Hey, check it out, guys!
These things are huge!
Wait a second, what?
I'm a human now?
And I just went
from super cyborg
to raccoon in no time flat!
O-Okay. Just calm down!
I know! Let's do roll call!
Chopper!
Here!
Franky?
'Sup!
Eh. Sanji?
[SANJI gasps]
I mean, yes?
That means you're... Nami?
[NAMI]
Mm-hm!
[SANJI gasps]
[CREW]
Why did we switch bodies?!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINES shout]
Look bastard. I've had enough.
Give the ship back.
[LAW]
Eh, fine.
[MARINES]
For real?
[LAW] But let me make
just one adjustment.
[MARINES gasp]
Huh?
[gasps]
[MARINES shouting]
[MARINE A]
It'll crush us!
[MARINE R]
Run away!
[shouting continues]
[MARINE B]
Let's retreat, Admiral!
That ability is
way too powerful!
[MARINE Q] Yeah, and that
guy really creeps me out!
I don't think so. None of
you are going anywhere.
[gasps]
He turned our ship
into abstract art!
It's a wreck! We can't
take that out to sea!
[MARINE C]
I know!
We're stuck on this crappy
island with that lunatic!
[sighs]
You work for the
Government too, bud!
And just now, you broke
contract by causing us trouble!
Yeah, cut it out, Law!
Wait till we tell HQ!
[MARINE G]
You're gonna lose your title!
See how much I care.
Now Scan!
[MARINE H]
What's that do? Oh no!
[MARINE D]
Huh? Transponder Snails?
[MARINE E]
Wait, I lost mine!
[MARINE F]
Whoa, so did I!
Hey, you stole them, didn't you?
Give those back!
What do you need 'em for, huh?
[LAW] I can't let you reveal
what you've seen on this island.
This way, the Government
never has to hear about it.
[MARINES]
Huh?
Warlord or not, you've pushed
your luck too far now!
[MARINES shouting, chattering]
The Op-Op Fruit, huh?
Let's see what it's made of!
[gasps]
Don't let him cut you, men!
Just stay away!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINE K]
He got me! Huh? What the...?
I don't need you here!
Get outside of the circle!
Wait, what circle?
Look, as long as you're
in this vicinity,
you're like a patient
on an operating table!
Law is the Surgeon of Death.
He can control anything within
his operating room at will!
He'll end you!
[TASHIGI]
Tsk! Trafalgar Law!
You've left me no choice!
[SMOKER]
Stop, Tashigi! You can't win!
Your Haki's too weak!
[TASHIGI shouts]
[TASHIGI breathes deeply]
[heavy breathing continues]
[MARINES]
No, it can't be!
[NARRATOR] Tashigi has
been cut into pieces
and the powerful soldiers of the
G-5 are about to be wiped out.
Just then, Smoker
confronts Trafalgar Law.
A fierce battle between warlord
and navy vice admiral begins
However, after their fighting
lays waste to the entire area,
the situation takes an
unexpected turn.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Collision!
Law Vs. Vice Admiral Smoker!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!